---
layout: post
title: Week 15 - Presentations


---

## Presentations
All of my peers did a great job with their different presentations; I really liked that every group's experience with their open source project was different from others. In addition, it was interesting to see how every group had different workflows in terms of tackling issues. Certain groups such as FreeCodeCamp tackled issues individually, due to the nature of their project. On the other hand, our group worked on issues together in-person because we felt like we were having a lot of difficulty when trying to approach issues individually. 
<!--more-->

One common factor amongst all the presentations is that interacting with the community is a very helpful tool. Due to the nature of open source in general, there will always be maintainers/contributors in active open source communities that are eager to help newcomers. For instance, in our presentation, we had many examples of us interacting with Alex Garel, one of the primary maintainers of OpenFoodFacts. Finally, my favorite presentation so far was the Godot group. I really thought that they started off their presentation in an engaging manner, and it was awesome to learn that that one of my favorite video games (Slay the Spire) was made using Godot. 


## Group Progress

Currently, we have 4 code-related pull requests. We are hoping to get these merged, as we have already put a lot of time into them. At the moment, receiving feedback on our PRs has slowed down, as one of the primary maintainers has suffered a fractured wrist from an accident and is taking time off. 