---
layout: post
title: Week 4 - Browser Extension Project 


---


## Group Work 

As a group, we all worked well together and I liked the fact that we were able to bounce a lot of ideas off each other to see everyone's perspectives. This is one of the first group projects I have done through only asynchronously communicating with my group members. I learned that as long as everyone is contributing their own parts and updating the other group members when they have made changes, the project can still be successfully completed without having to do any in-person meetings or Zoom calls. 

## My Contributions 

The browser extension we built, Quotepop, is a quote generator. Thus, I found an API that gives quotes pertaining to many different categories, and I implemented the logic for making requests to the API and displaying the output to the user via the frontend. In addition, I implemented the HTML code for our extension. 

## What I've Learned 

I learned how to use the JavaScript Fetch API to make HTTP requests. Prior to creating this browser extension, I've only used Axios for making HTTP requests in JavaScript projects. Furthermore, I've realized that the logic for making HTTP requests is pretty much the same across the different libraries I have used; the main differing factor between all of them is just the syntax. 

## Other Teams' Browser Extensions 

I really enjoyed all of the presentations, and I really liked how some of the groups made browser extensions that are meant to be humorous and entertaining. Out of all the browser extensions that we saw in class, my favorite one was TickTock (pomodoro timer). I thought that the UI for the browser extension looked very good, and this is also the browser extension that is the most applicable to use in my everyday life. 





