---
layout: post
title: Week 6 - Open Source Projects


---


## Thoughts About Different Projects

For the in class activity, I looked at Mockito. This is a framework for unit testing, but since I've only had experience doing basic unit testing and Java is one of my weaker languages, I had a lot of trouble understanding any of the issues in their GitHub issue tracker. On my own time, I also explored the open source communities for Pandas and Matplotlib, as these are two Python libraries that I used for my Data Management and Analysis class last semester. They both have extremely active communities, and thousands of contributors. There also seems to be a good amount of good first issues for first time contributors, but at the same time some of the issues I looked at seemed very technical in nature. In addition, both libraries seem to have large codebases, which can take a long time to become familiar with. Finally, the projects I wrote personal evaluations on were Alex and Twenty. Alex is designed to catch insensitive writing, and I thought the idea was very interesting, but upon exploring their GitHub repository, it seemed like this project has become inactive and more than 90% of commits are from the original maintainer. On the other hand, Twenty is an open source CRM software that I was interested in. It seemed like Twenty is still a new project, and there are a lot of Issues that seemed beginner friendly. Also, I wanted to work on a project that involves web development, and Twenty aligns with this interest because it is a TypeScript based web app. 
<!--more-->

## Excitement/Challenges

I am most excited to start working alongside an active open source community and being able to interact with other like-minded developers. Also, I am excited to learn new tools/libraries that I haven't worked with before in my courses. On the other hand, one of the biggest challenges is becoming familiar with a codebase and how everything in the codebase interacts with each other. In most open source projects, there are a lot of directories and subdirectories, and this seems a little bit overwhelming to look at. To overcome this challenge, I will read through the project's docs before starting to attempt any contribution, and I will ask questions to clear up any confusion. In addition, I won't work in parts of the codebase that requires knowledge far beyond what I have learned in my computer science education, as I would have to spend too much time self-learning rather than contributing. 









