---
layout: post
title: Week 5 - Social Good


---


## Social Good Videos

For last week's class, I watched the videos under Group 3 regarding OpenStax and OERs (open educational resources). After watching these videos, I believe that OERs can be implemented across every major educational institution. As said by multiple individuals in the [Cracking the Textbook](https://www.redhat.com/en/open-source-stories/cracking-the-textbook) video, college textbooks can be expensive and often cost hundreds of dollars. This is a barrier to learning, and from personal experience, I have only seen students using illegally downloaded digital copies of textbooks, rather than buying a physical textbook. OERs can be a solution to this issue, as it provides affordable and accessible educational resources to everyone regardless of their financial background. The most surprising fact I learned from these videos is that "OpenStax textbooks and course materials have saved students $1.2 billion (5:14 timestamp in Cracking the Textbook video). Since there is now so many different subjects and educational levels that are supported on OpenStax, students from different educational landscapes can find resources relevant to their academic career without having to spend any money. 
<!--more-->

## My Role

As a computer scientist, I can be improving accessibility and usability of OERs. Both the videos and in-class discussion point to the fact that a primary benefit of OERs is that it should be accessible for anyone. For this reason, it is crucial to make sure that OERs are accessible to individuals with disabilities. Furthermore, I would develop tools to allow online materials to be compatible with text-to-speech and be formatted in a way that is compatible with screen readers. In addition, I could also promote the idea of OERs to different faculty members in NYU. As with any other subject, having CS faculty contribute to, use, or create OERs would be beneficial. 

## Contributions 

So far, I have contributions for Wikipedia, OpenStreetMap, course website, and other students' blogs. Out of my current contributions, a majority of them are for OpenStreetMap, as there is still a lot to map out for my hometown of Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania. I am most proud of these OpenStreetMap contributions, because I am allowing the public to have better geographical knowledge of the place where I grew up my whole life. 

In terms of challenges, it has been difficult to make coding contributions to open source projects. I have been looking on a few different repositories such as FreeCodeCamp for issues that are labeled for first-timers to take, but these issues often already have a pull request linked to them, or have already been assigned to another individual. 







