---
layout: post
title: Week 11 - Open Source Videos


---


## Open Source Videos

I really liked the development strategy of InnerSource that Danese Cooper and Isabel Drost-Fromm were discussing. One of the most important reasons why companies are adopting InnerSource is to dismantle silos between teams. Allowing different teams to work together internally with a open source workflow can resolve engineering bottlenecks and create a more reliable code review process. Moreover, I thought it was really interesting when Danese Cooper mentioned that " code review becomes just a rubber stamp" in organizations where pushing code out in a timely manner is a priority. Using an InnerSource approach goes hand-in-hand with Linus's Law: "Given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow". In my opinion, it makes way more sense for companies to open up the source code internally to all the different teams, as it allows for more individuals' insights during the code review process.
<!--more-->
The video 'Why should you have an Open Source Program Office?' really opened my eyes to the benefits of companies having an OSPO. One key takeaway I realized from the video is that OSPOs are pivotal for managing open source resources and implementing open source strategies into a company's business model. Additionally, OSPOs play an important role in consulting a company about decisions to open source internal projects. Oftentimes when companies start adopting open source software, they start as consumers of the software. OSPOs help companies transition from being only a consumer to becoming a contributor for the open source software. For example, Nithya Ruff explains that Comcast has made this consumer-to-contributor transition, as the company has been contributing to open source software such as Kubernetes and Prometheus. The reason why Comcast started to rely on open source software is because they have to manage a huge network infrastructure, as they are a major player in the telecommunications industry. 

On the other hand, open source is also being seen in the banking industry. According to Gil Yehuda, banks are using open source as a way to share data models and regulatory compliance. This trend seems to be driven by the shift towards open banking and open APIs, which is what enables account transfers through apps like Zelle. I also found it interesting that there is an organization, FINOS, that is dedicated towards bringing together banks and encouraging them to explore open source opportunities. In the future, I think that banks will continue to use more of an open source approach as long as all open source opportunities are mutually beneficial between competitors. 

Finally, the use of open source in the film industry is something that I never expected to hear. I've always thought that all film software was expensive propietary software. As discussed in the video, there are open source projects such as OpenXR and OpenColorIO that have become industry standards, making collaboration easier between studios. Likewise, open source software can help solve common technical challenges for film studios, such as color management and file format standardization. The Academy Software Foundation reminds me of FINIOS, in the sense that they are also trying to encourage the industry to participate in open source. 
 


# Group Progress

So far, we have made three contributions to OpenFoodFacts. We got a pull request merged for documentation, we translated some documentation to other languages, and we have a pull request created for an issue surrounding their `tagify` library. In terms of next steps, we have just claimed an issue regarding creating an API route for a section of their website. This issue seems like it will be pretty time consuming, but it will be a great contribution to make. Something that was surprising in this project is that there are a good amount of issues that have already been resolved, but were never removed from the issue tracker. Likewise, one of the biggest challenges we have had is being able to claim issues. A lot of new issues get claimed pretty fast, but we recently direct messaged the maintainers on Slack in order to get an issue assigned to us. 








