---
layout: post
title: Week 7 - Origins of Open Source


---


## Origins of Open Source

Based on the information I learned from the bios of FOSS people, it seems like many of the major figures in free/open source are/were extremely passionate about spreading their philosophies surrounding the subject matter. For example, Eric S. Raymond went to great measures and leaked the 'Halloween Documents' to expose Microsoft's concerns about open source. Another figure in FOSS that caught my eye was Hong Phuc Dang; she is the founder of FOSSASIA and is dedicated to helping young developers in Asia dive into the world of open source. In general, I really appreciate that many people in the open source community dedicate time to help newcomers learn the ropes of contributing to open source. 
<!--more-->
Also, it is very interesting that some of the big names in open source from the 20th century are still relevant in the present day. The Linux Kernel was released in 1991, but Linux is still considered to be one of the most popular operating systems. Likewise, RedHat was founded in 1993 and they are still a big player in the industry with popular products such as Red Hat OpenShift and Red Hat Ansible. 



## Open Source Group 

As a group, we decided to pick OpenFoodFacts as our project. We really liked that Open Food Facts is a product that can be used by anyone, and we were also comfortable with the tech stack that they use for their API server and web interface (Perl, CSS, JavaScript). Furtheremore, we already introduced ourselves in the OpenFoodFacts Slack channel and we've filled our Contributor Skill Pool forms in order to receive specific assignments from the maintainers of the project. As a believer that food transparency should be a human right, I fully support their mission and I am excited to start contributing to their cause!









