---
layout: post
title: Week 8 - Starting Work on OpenFoodFacts


---


## Initial Troubles

My group chose to work on OpenFoodFacts as our open source project. Recently, we've had a lot of trouble setting up the development environment on Windows. Upon trying to build the development environment, me and another group member who also is on a Windows machine both were running into similar Docker-related issues. Eventually, I decided to stop following the setup instructions provided in the repository because it was clearly hard to do on Windows, and similar concerns were expressed in the project's community Slack channel. 
<!--more-->
Rather, I decided to set up the development environment with WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux), and install Docker Engine within my Linux distribution (Ubuntu). Fortunately, this made the setup process very easy without any errors. Upon reporting this fix for Windows users, one of the primary project maintainers asked me to update their documentation with instructions, and I was able to get my first pull request merged. 


# Progress

In addition to updating their setup instructions, another contribution I have been working on is translating their documentation into Mandarin. So far, I have translated their Code of Conduct and Contributing Instructions, as these are two pieces of documentation that are often viewed by new contributors. In terms of coding contributions, we have claimed an issue regarding their tagging library they use on their frontend, and we are working on implementing the proper fixes. 








